C:\Users\Barret\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP Tester.exe.config
C:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP Tester.exe.config
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP Tester.exe
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP Tester.pdb
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP Tester.xml
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP_Tester.frmMain.resources
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP_Tester.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.exe
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.xml
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.pdb
C:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP.Client.dll
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP.Protocol.dll
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP.Server.dll
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP.Client.pdb
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP.Protocol.pdb
c:\Users\Barret\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TCP Tester\TCP Tester\bin\Debug\TCP.Server.pdb
C:\Users\Barret\Documents\GitHub\Tcp.Framework.src\Testers\TCP\bin\Debug\TCP Tester.exe.config
C:\Users\Barret\Documents\GitHub\Tcp.Framework.src\Testers\TCP\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.exe
C:\Users\Barret\Documents\GitHub\Tcp.Framework.src\Testers\TCP\obj\Debug\TCP Tester.pdb
